Update README.rst (#5)
python-lsp/python-lsp-server: README.rst

* pyls-mypy_ Mypy type checking for Python 3
* pyls-isort_ Isort import sort code formatting
* pyls-black_ for code formatting using Black_

> * pyls-memestra_ a static analysis tool for Python, which detects the use of deprecated APIs.

Reviewer: I think that it might be shortened to better fit with the others which all have 5-6 words in descriptions:

```suggestion
* pyls-memestra_ for detecting the use of deprecated APIs
```

My thinking is that all of these are for Python and all do static analysis so it might be fine to leave this out.

Author: True! Thank you.
